Data dictionary
======================

Tidy_Data.txt 
==============
– This file contains the formatted data with mean and std variables

Column-name	Description	Values
ds.Subject	Subject under experiement	Numeric 1 - 30
ds.Activity_Label	Activity being performed	Numeric 1-6
ds.Activity_Label_Description	Description of the activity	WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING
tBodyAcc-mean()-X	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-mean()-X	Variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-mean()-X	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-mean()	Variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-mean()	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-mean()	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-mean()-X	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z	Variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-mean()-X	Variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y	Variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z	Variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X	Variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y	Variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-mean()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-std()-X	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-std()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-std()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-std()-X	Variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-std()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-std()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-std()-X	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-std()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-std()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-std()	Variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-std()	Variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-std()	Variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-std()-X	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-std()-Y	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-std()-Z	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	Variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-std()-X	Variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-std()-Y	Variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-std()-Z	Variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-std()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()	Variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	Variable	Same as source

## Narrow_Data.txt 
===================
This is the dataset that contains the average of each variable for every subject and activity

Column-Name	Description of the activity	Values
Subject	Subject under experiement	Numeric 1 - 30
Activity_Description	Description of the activity	WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING
Variable	Variable measurements for mean and std	79 variables listed in the Tidy_data above
Mean	Average value of the variable	Numeric mean value


## combined_data_step1.txt 
========================

This is the combined dataset of both train and test datasets – contains all the 561 variables and also denotes if the data is from training set or test set


Column-Name	Description of the activity	Values
Case	Where is the data coming from	testset, trainset
Subject	Subject under experiement	Numeric 1 - 30
Activity_Label	Activity being performed	Numeric 1-6
Activity_Label_Description	Description of the activity	WALKING, WALKING_UPSTAIRS, WALKING_DOWNSTAIRS, SITTING, STANDING, LAYING
tBodyAcc-mean()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-mean()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-mean()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-std()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-std()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-std()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-mad()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-mad()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-mad()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-max()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-max()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-max()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-min()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-min()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-min()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-sma()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-energy()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-energy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-energy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-iqr()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-iqr()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-iqr()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-entropy()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-entropy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-entropy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-X,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Y,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-arCoeff()-Z,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-correlation()-X,Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-correlation()-X,Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAcc-correlation()-Y,Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-mean()-X	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-mean()-Y	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-mean()-Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-std()-X	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-std()-Y	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-std()-Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-mad()-X	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-mad()-Y	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-mad()-Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-max()-X	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-max()-Y	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-max()-Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-min()-X	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-min()-Y	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-min()-Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-sma()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-energy()-X	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-energy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-energy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-iqr()-X	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-iqr()-Y	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-iqr()-Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-entropy()-X	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-entropy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-entropy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,1	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,2	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,3	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-X,4	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,1	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,2	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,3	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Y,4	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,1	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,2	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,3	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-arCoeff()-Z,4	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-correlation()-X,Y	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-correlation()-X,Z	variable	Same as source
tGravityAcc-correlation()-Y,Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-std()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-mad()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-mad()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-mad()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-max()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-max()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-max()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-min()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-min()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-min()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-sma()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-energy()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-energy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-energy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-iqr()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-entropy()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-X,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Y,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-arCoeff()-Z,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-correlation()-X,Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-correlation()-X,Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerk-correlation()-Y,Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-mean()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-mean()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-mean()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-std()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-std()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-std()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-mad()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-mad()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-mad()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-max()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-max()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-max()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-min()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-min()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-min()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-sma()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-energy()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-energy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-energy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-iqr()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-iqr()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-iqr()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-entropy()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-entropy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-entropy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-X,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Y,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-arCoeff()-Z,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-correlation()-X,Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-correlation()-X,Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyro-correlation()-Y,Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-mean()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-std()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-mad()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-mad()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-mad()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-max()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-max()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-max()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-min()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-min()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-min()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-sma()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-energy()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-energy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-energy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-iqr()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-iqr()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-iqr()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-entropy()-X	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-entropy()-Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-entropy()-Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-X,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Y,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,1	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,2	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,3	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-arCoeff()-Z,4	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-correlation()-X,Y	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-correlation()-X,Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerk-correlation()-Y,Z	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-mean()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-std()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-mad()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-max()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-min()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-sma()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-energy()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-iqr()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-entropy()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()1	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()2	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()3	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccMag-arCoeff()4	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-mean()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-std()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-mad()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-max()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-min()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-sma()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-energy()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-iqr()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-entropy()	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()1	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()2	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()3	variable	Same as source
tGravityAccMag-arCoeff()4	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-std()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-mad()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-max()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-min()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-sma()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-energy()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-iqr()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-entropy()	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()1	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()2	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()3	variable	Same as source
tBodyAccJerkMag-arCoeff()4	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-mean()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-std()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-mad()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-max()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-min()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-sma()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-energy()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-iqr()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-entropy()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()1	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()2	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()3	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroMag-arCoeff()4	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-mad()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-max()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-min()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-sma()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-energy()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-iqr()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-entropy()	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()1	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()2	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()3	variable	Same as source
tBodyGyroJerkMag-arCoeff()4	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-mean()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-mean()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-mean()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-std()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-std()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-std()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-mad()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-mad()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-mad()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-max()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-max()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-max()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-min()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-min()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-min()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-sma()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-energy()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-energy()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-energy()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-iqr()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-iqr()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-iqr()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-entropy()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-entropy()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-entropy()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-maxInds-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-maxInds-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-maxInds-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-meanFreq()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-skewness()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-kurtosis()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-skewness()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-kurtosis()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-skewness()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-kurtosis()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,8	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-9,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,40	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-41,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,56	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-57,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,8	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-9,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,40	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-41,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,56	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-57,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,8	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-9,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,40	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-41,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,56	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-57,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-17,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-33,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-49,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-1,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAcc-bandsEnergy()-25,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-mean()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-std()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-std()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-mad()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-mad()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-mad()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-max()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-max()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-max()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-min()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-min()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-min()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-sma()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-energy()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-energy()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-energy()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-iqr()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-iqr()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-entropy()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-entropy()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-maxInds-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-maxInds-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-maxInds-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-meanFreq()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-skewness()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-kurtosis()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-skewness()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-kurtosis()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-skewness()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-kurtosis()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,8	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-9,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,40	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-41,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,56	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-57,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,8	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-9,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,40	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-41,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,56	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-57,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,8	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-9,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,40	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-41,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,56	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-57,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-17,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-33,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-49,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-1,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccJerk-bandsEnergy()-25,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-mean()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-mean()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-mean()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-std()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-std()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-std()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-mad()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-mad()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-mad()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-max()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-max()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-max()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-min()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-min()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-min()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-sma()	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-energy()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-energy()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-energy()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-iqr()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-iqr()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-iqr()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-entropy()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-entropy()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-entropy()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-maxInds-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-maxInds-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-maxInds-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-meanFreq()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-skewness()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-kurtosis()-X	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-skewness()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-kurtosis()-Y	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-skewness()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-kurtosis()-Z	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,8	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-9,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,40	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-41,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,56	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-57,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,8	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-9,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,40	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-41,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,56	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-57,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,8	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-9,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,40	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-41,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,56	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-57,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,16	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-17,32	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-33,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-49,64	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-1,24	variable	Same as source
fBodyGyro-bandsEnergy()-25,48	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-mean()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-std()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-mad()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-max()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-min()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-sma()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-energy()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-iqr()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-entropy()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-maxInds	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-meanFreq()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-skewness()	variable	Same as source
fBodyAccMag-kurtosis()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mean()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-std()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-mad()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-max()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-min()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-sma()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-energy()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-iqr()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-entropy()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-maxInds	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-meanFreq()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-skewness()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyAccJerkMag-kurtosis()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mean()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-std()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-mad()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-max()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-min()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-sma()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-energy()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-iqr()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-entropy()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-maxInds	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-meanFreq()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-skewness()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroMag-kurtosis()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mean()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-std()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-mad()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-max()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-min()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-sma()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-energy()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-iqr()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-entropy()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-maxInds	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-meanFreq()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-skewness()	variable	Same as source
fBodyBodyGyroJerkMag-kurtosis()	variable	Same as source
angle(tBodyAccMean,gravity)	variable	Same as source
angle(tBodyAccJerkMean),gravityMean)	variable	Same as source
angle(tBodyGyroMean,gravityMean)	variable	Same as source
angle(tBodyGyroJerkMean,gravityMean)	variable	Same as source
angle(X,gravityMean)	variable	Same as source
angle(Y,gravityMean)	variable	Same as source
angle(Z,gravityMean)	variable	Same as source

